nebula : Copyright 2022 : Aldrin Mathew

AAF DEPENDABLE LICENSE - 1.0

This library is licensed under the AAF Dependable License 1.0. 
You are allowed to use this library as a dependency in your 
project(s) WITHOUT having to release/make available your own 
project(s) under the same license.

Unless required by applicable law, this library is provided 
"AS IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OR PROMISES OF ANY KIND, either 
expressed or implied. The author(s) of the project is not 
liable for any harms, errors or troubles caused by using this 
library, unless implied by law. By using this license, you are 
acknowledging the complete terms and conditions of licensing of 
this library as specified in AAF Dependable License 1.0 available 
at this URL: 

https://github.com/aldrinsartfactory/DependableLicense/ 

You are NOT ALLOWED to sell, or distribute THIS library under 
commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are however, allowed 
to use this library in your own project and also to license 
your project in any license as you please. You are not allowed 
to revamp, rebrand, refactor, modify, the contents of this 
library.

Using bindings, wrappers or container concepts, or any other 
logic to rehash the contents of this library so as to expose 
this library or to provide the functionalities of this library 
as a different library is NOT PERMITTED under this license, 
even if the new library/package/solution/source... has the same 
license.

Your project should contain "original work", ideally, the 
definition of which is agreed upon by the community. If it does 
contain original work, you are not allowed to publish your 
project. Using this library to achieve that is not a violation 
of this license. You are NOT ALLOWED to use the name, branding 
and identity of this library to identify or brand your own 
project. You ARE however allowed to use the name and branding to 
pinpoint/show the source of the contents/code/logic of your 
project. You are not allowed to use the identification of the 
Authors of this library to associate them to your own projects, 
in a way that is deceiving/misleading or gives out false 
information.


DEFINITIONS

1. "This license", "same license" refers to the AAF Dependable 
License 1.0

2. "This library", "this project", "the library" & "the project" 
all refers to the project that is subject to this license. The 
term "library" can be replaced by other terms like "package", 
"bundle", "plugin"... depending on the context.

3. "You", "your" refers to the licensee. The licensee can be a 
person, a group of people, an organisation or an entity. In short, 
licensee is an entity that uses this library.

4. "community" can refer to the collective public, a specific 
group of people related to the project or an arbitrary group of 
people.


COMMENTS

The traditional definition of open source is flawed, as it is 
often meant to be "Free and Open Source" instead of just "Open 
Source". And because of that, this license is not compatible 
with the definition of Open Source by the Open Source Initiative 
(OSI). Instead this license follows the true meaning of open 
source, allowing the source to be inspected and verified by the 
public free of cost. However, advertising that this license is 
an Open Source compatible license can lead to ambiguity and 
confusion. Hence we choose to identify this license as belonging 
to the "Shared Source" family of licenses.